I can come to his party
The best gift for him
Hahahahaha
The trash really regards himself as a member of the Shen family
If you were Miss Shen's brother
He ignores you no matter what.
Miss Shen
Why didn't you say hello to your brother when he was here?
It's so hard to give up
Now is the time to reveal your identity
Dad, who made me your sister?
My younger brother.
I don't know.
When will I have a younger brother?
Miss Zheng
Isn't that him?
Miss Shen, this kid not only said that he is your brother
He also said that you invited him to come
I think he's a liar
Ok you trash
You've made my neighbor miserable.
Miss Shen, I'll kick him out now
Hey, Miss Shen
Didn't you invite Shen Gang back?
Sorry.
Let's go now
Want to go
Do you think Miss Shen's banquet is a vegetable market?
Come and go as you want
team
See what my lesson is today
security guard
Who said he wasn't invited by me?